# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`elastic_stack::repo`](#elastic_stack--repo): Set up the package repository for Elastic Stack components

### Resource types

* [`elastic_stack_keystore`](#elastic_stack_keystore): Manages a keystore settings file (for either Elasticserach or Kibana service.

## Classes

### <a name="elastic_stack--repo"></a>`elastic_stack::repo`

elastic_stack::repo

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include elastic_stack::repo
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `elastic_stack::repo` class:

* [`oss`](#-elastic_stack--repo--oss)
* [`prerelease`](#-elastic_stack--repo--prerelease)
* [`priority`](#-elastic_stack--repo--priority)
* [`proxy`](#-elastic_stack--repo--proxy)
* [`version`](#-elastic_stack--repo--version)
* [`base_repo_url`](#-elastic_stack--repo--base_repo_url)

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--oss"></a>`oss`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to use the purely open source (i.e., bundled without X-Pack) repository

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--prerelease"></a>`prerelease`

Data type: `Boolean`

Whether to use a repo for prerelease versions, like "6.0.0-rc2"

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--priority"></a>`priority`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

A numeric priority for the repo, passed to the package management system

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--proxy"></a>`proxy`

Data type: `String`

The URL of a HTTP proxy to use for package downloads (YUM only)

Default value: `'absent'`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--version"></a>`version`

Data type: `Integer`

The (major) version of the Elastic Stack for which to configure the repo

Default value: `7`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack--repo--base_repo_url"></a>`base_repo_url`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

The base url for the repo path

Default value: `undef`

## Resource types

### <a name="elastic_stack_keystore"></a>`elastic_stack_keystore`

Manages a keystore settings file (for either Elasticserach or Kibana service.

#### Properties

The following properties are available in the `elastic_stack_keystore` type.

##### `ensure`

Valid values: `present`, `absent`

The basic property that the resource should be in.

Default value: `present`

##### `password`

Password to protect keystore.

Default value: `''`

##### `settings`

A key/value hash of settings names and values.

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `elastic_stack_keystore` type.

* [`provider`](#-elastic_stack_keystore--provider)
* [`purge`](#-elastic_stack_keystore--purge)
* [`service`](#-elastic_stack_keystore--service)

##### <a name="-elastic_stack_keystore--provider"></a>`provider`

The specific backend to use for this `elastic_stack_keystore` resource. You will seldom need to specify this --- Puppet
will usually discover the appropriate provider for your platform.

##### <a name="-elastic_stack_keystore--purge"></a>`purge`

Valid values: `true`, `false`, `yes`, `no`

Whether to proactively remove settings that exist in the keystore but
are not present in this resource's settings.

Default value: `false`

##### <a name="-elastic_stack_keystore--service"></a>`service`

Valid values: `elasticsearch`, `kibana`

Service that manages the keystore (either "elasticsearch" or "kibana").

Default value: `elasticsearch`

